SSH Dynamic Port Forwarding
SSH dynamic port forwarding allows us to
set a local listening port
and have it tunnel incoming traffic to
any remote destination
through the use of a proxy.
This is where things get fun.
Similar to the SSH local port forwarding
example,
we have compromised a Linux-based target
and have elevated our privileges.
There do not seem to be any inbound or
outbound traffic restrictions
on the firewall.
Once more, our Dedicated Debian linux box
will stand in for the compromised
Linux-based target.
We discover that in addition to being
connected to the current network,
it has an additional network interface
that is connected to a different network.
This internal network hosts the same
Windows Server
as in the local port forwarding example.
In that example, we managed to interact
with the available shares on the Windows
Server. However, that technique was limited
to a single IP address and port.
In this example, we would like to target
additional ports on the Windows Server
2016 machine, or other hosts on the
internal network without having to
create a different tunnel for each
port or host of interest.
To simulate this scenario in our lab
environment, we will again run the
ssh local port forwarding script from our
dedicated Linux client.
Once the environment is set up, we can
use ssh -D
to specify dynamic port forwarding.
We will create a local SOCKS4 application
proxy
on our Kali Linux machine on port 8080,
which will tunnel all incoming traffic to
any host on the target network,
through our compromised Linux machine,
which we log into as student.
Although we have started an application
proxy that can route application traffic
to the target network through the SSH tunnel,
we must somehow tell our tools how to use
this proxy.
We will use proxychains to run standard
network applications through this proxy.
To configure proxychains, we’ll edit the
main configuration file
and add our SOCKS4 proxy to it.
To run our tools through our proxy, we
prepend each command with proxychains.
Let’s try to scan the Windows Server 2016
machine
on the internal target network with nmap
and proxychains.
In this example, we aren’t supplying any
options to proxychains,
except for the nmap command and its
arguments.
Nice. proxychains worked as expected,
routing all of our traffic to the various
ports dynamically.